accababcbcccbaccc bacccbacaccabbaaba
cbbbcbaacccbcccbccbb aaacaacbabaaacbcbacc
bacccbbcbabcbacbabbc aabcbabababaacacbbc
accaccaababbcccaca acabcababccacaacbb
bbbbcabcacbacbbcc bcaaaacabcaabbcaaaba
aababbbcbcbaaabca baaaabcaaacabaaba
cacaaabbcacabbabab ccbbaabbcbabcaaa
aabccabbcaccaca bbaabababbccaaabbbcb
bcaabccbccbaaca baaaaacaacbbccb
cabcaaacbabcccabacbb ccbbbabaacccbab
cbccaacabcbbacacba babbacacabacbbb
acbccaacbaabacc cacacbbabcacbbaaba
ccacbbbbacacaaacbb bccccacbbbcccabccaac
bbaacbcaabccaaaaabcc caacaabbbbabcbbab
abbbcbbbccbcaccbc bccabcaaacbbbcac
cbbcaacbbacbbcbbcb cbbcbbbcbaaaaccccaa
aabcccccbbccbccba ccbcbcbacbacbbabaa
aaaacbccbbcaaacbbab aabbcabbbaccbca
babcaacacbcbacbbc bcaccccbbababcbaba
abbbaacbbcbcababa acbcaacabcabacacbbc
cbbaacbbccbbcacaccc baacccbcabbbcbbabbba
ccabacabbbaaccaa aabacccbcaabccbcb
bcbbbbcbbaaaaac bbbaacaababaaaabac
abcccbcbbccacbcbbbba abbbccabcaaccacba
baabacabbbbacbaaaabb babacbbabbccbcbaac
caaccaaababbaab cbaabccabaaaaabccca
cabbacabacaaccccaab aabaaabcabccccbb
acacabbaabbcaabca bacbcabbaaacabbcccbc
cbbaaaabbaabbbc cacbcbaabcabcccbbcb
aaccaabbbcabaabab cbacabcbbacbabc
